==================================================================
Command & Conquer 3: Kane's Wrath
Version 1.00 Patch Notes - March, 2008
==================================================================

<Bug fixes>

· Fixed an error where the Signature Generator ability required 
an active Tech Lab to be used after upgrade. Also added Signature 
Generator upgrade icon to the Unit Portrait UI.

· Fixed an error that allowed Raider Buggies to EMP Drone Ships 
that are taking off.

· Added ground impact effects for Railgun, Lightning and Shock 
Trooper weapons.

· Fixed an error that prevented Devourer Tanks to fire charged 
weapon while moving.

· Fixed Firehawk Stratofighter thruster effects.


<Balance Changes>


 /General Balance Changes/

· All Structures repair rate reduced by 40%.

· Tiberium Silos: No longer creates units when sold or destroyed.

· Engineers will take 3 seconds to capture a building, giving 
players extra time to react and counter.

· Harvesters: Resistance to CANNON damage increased by 15%, 
Resistance to MISSILE damage reduced by 20%.

· Power Production Structures: Now requires Tier 2 Structure to 
upgrade instead of Tier 3.

· Veterancy: Bonus has been increased for all levels. Level 1 
Attack Bonus increased by 5%, Health Bonus increased by 10%. 
Level 2 Health Bonus increased by 10%. Level 3 Attack Bonus 
increased by 5%.


 /GDI Balance Changes/

· Missile Squad: Resistance to GUN damage reduced by 50%.

· Grenadier Squad: Grenade speed increased by 20%. Weapon no 
longer damage allied units.

· Sniper Team: Rate of Fire increased by 25%. Attack Power 
reduced by 20%. Range increased by 4%.

· Zone Trooper: Range increased by 4%.

· Harvester: Health reduced by 47%.

· Rig: Speed increased by 44%. Adjusted locomotion for more 
responsiveness, increasing acceleration and deceleration rates 
and faster turns.

· Orca: Health reduced by 20%.

· Firehawk: Weapons no longer damage allied units.

· Guardian Cannon: Rate of fire increased by 85%. Attack Power 
reduced by 50%. Health increased by 25%.

· Composite Armor: Units with composite armor no longer take 
extra damage from SNIPER type weapons and does not grant extra 
protection.

· Orca Strike: Support Power cooldown time reduced by 70%.


 /Brotherhood of Nod Balance Changes/

· Militant Rocket Squad: Resistance to GUN damage reduced by 50%.

· Black Hand: Weapon no longer damage allied units.

· Fanatic: Attack power reduced by 50%. Explosion radius reduced 
by 20%. Weapon no longer damage allied units.

· Attack Bike: Speed increased by 14%. Resistance to ROCKET 
damage reduced by 10%, Resistance to GUN damage increased by 25%. 
Rockets are now fired in burst instead of simultaneously.

· Raider Buggy: Cost/Build time increased by 25% to 500/5s. 
Health increased by 6%. Resistance to GUN damage increased by 25%. 
Rate of Fire without Laser Capacitor upgrade increased by 40%. 
Attack Power without Laser Capacitor upgrade increased by 20%

· Harvester: Health reduced by 20%, normalizing its health with 
GDI and Scrin Harvesters.

· Flame Tank: Weapon no longer damage allied units.

· Stealth Tank: Cost/Build time increased by 20% to 1800/18s. 
Attack Power reduced by 10%.

· Avatar. Health reduced by 12%. Main weapon's attack power 
reduced by 32%. Flame weapon no longer damage allied units.

· Beam Cannon: Now requires Operation Center instead of Tech Lab.

· Tiberium Chemical Plant: Now will be considered to Tiberium 
Based. Therefore it will take extra damage from Catalyst Missile 
and will be revealed to a Tiberium Vibration Scan.

· Confessor: Unit attack power increased by 100%, Range of main 
weapon increased by 30% so it can fire at max range of Militant 
Rocket Squads. Range of Hallucinogenic grenade increased by 25%, 
grenades take 66% less time to throw. Now Grants Armor bonus of 
25% and Rate of Fire bonus of 50% to affected infantry squads. 
Affected infantry will now be tinted red.

· Tiberium Vapor Bomb: Attack power reduced by 25%.


 /Scrin Balance Changes/

· Shock Trooper: Added slight pre-attack delay for firing Plasma 
Disc Launchers.

· Gunwalker: Rate of fire increased by 100%. Clip size increased 
by 1.

· Harvester: Health reduced by 47%.

· Devourer Tank: Cost/Build time increased by 14% to 1600/16s.

· Corrupter: Health increased by 20%. Weapon can damage Neutral 
objects. No longer creates Visceroid from dead infantry.

· Stormrider: Health reduced by 30%.

· Devastator Warship: Range decreased by 18%. Damage type changed 
from GRENADE to CANNON.

· Growth Accelerator: Health reduced by 66%. Resistance to 
CANNON and GUN damage reduced by 25%, Resistance to ROCKET damage 
reduced by 50%.


<Other Changes> 

· Added ambient sound effects for dead infantry collapsing.

· Added ambient sound effects for Grenadiers and Confessors 
throwing grenades.

· Added ambient sound effects for Commando and Zone Trooper 
Jetpack.

· Changed effect for Devourer Tank Conversion Beam Laser impact.

· Added ambient sound effects for Rig packing and unpacking.

· Added new visual effects for Avatar when sustained heavy damage.

· Added ambient sound effects for Orcas, Firehawks, Venoms and 
Vertigos Landing or Taking off.

· Added ambient sound effects for Firehawk swapping weapons and 
dropping bombs.

· Added ambient sound effects for Doors opening and closing 
from Barracks, GDI and NOD Warfactory. 

· Added ambient sound effects for Airfield Doors opening and 
closing and when Damaged.

· Added new unique sound effects for each upgrade.